PMM-11159 Doc changes for new MySQL explain method. (#936)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/using/query-analytics.md

- MongoDB: JSON only.
- PostgreSQL: Not supported.

> Since PMM version 2.33 is `explain` supported even without `examples` for MySQL now. If query to explain contains sensitive data they will be replaced by placeholders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with PMM 2.33.0, for MySQL, the *Explain* tab is supported without the *Examples* tab. If a query in the *Explain* tab contains sensitive data, placeholders will replace them.
```

> You should provide values for these placeholders before you can run `explain`. Please check attached above below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have to specify the values for these placeholders before you can run *Explain*, as shown in the image below.
```

![!image](../_images/PMM_Query_Analytics_Tabs_Explain_With_Placeholders.png)

> Query in the picture has 5 placeholders. So thats why you should fulfill 5 input fields with correct values. Once you have fulfilled these values you can click on `explain`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The image shows a query with five placeholders. Therefore, you must enter the correct values in all five fields. After filling in these values, click *Explain* to get the results like in the previous PMM versions without data leaks.
```

- MongoDB: JSON only.
- PostgreSQL: Not supported.

Starting with PMM 2.33.0, for MySQL, the *Explain* tab is supported without the *Examples* tab. If a query in the *Explain* tab contains sensitive data, placeholders will replace them.
Before you can run Explain, you must specify the values for these placeholders. This image illustrates the query with placeholders.

![!image](../_images/PMM_Query_Analytics_Tabs_Explain_With_Placeholders.png)

Below is an illustration of the same query using values instead of placeholders.

![!image](../_images/PMM_Query_Analytics_Tabs_Explain_With_Values.png)

The image shown above illustrates a query with two placeholders. Therefore, you must enter the correct values in both fields. After filling in these values, click *Explain* to get the results like in the previous PMM versions without data leaks.

> and you will get result like in previous PMM versions. This method of `explain` prevents data leak.

Author: ```suggestion
You will get result like in previous PMM versions. This method of `explain` prevents data leak.
```
